A fantastic question in the chat,
that I want to address.
Victor asked about,
loading low quality pictures first,
and then replacing them,
with higher quality pictures.
A lot of big websites do this,
you might notice that on medium,
I think is the one that, comes to mind
immediately, but I've seen this pattern,
lots and lots of places.
That's really interesting because this
is gaming the psychology of waiting
that we talked about, because you're
actually needing to send more bytes
over the wire and making it slower in
total, because you have to send first
the low resolution image, and then later
you send the full resolution image.
However, because you've shown
something to the user sooner,
you've indicated to them that this page
is done, you can go about your business,
don't worry about it it'll fill in later.
You know what to expect.
And so even though you might have
deferred the total wait time to be slower
than what it would have been,
the user is gonna feel like it's faster.
This isn't a one size fits all technique.
You shouldn't always do this because
you are slowing down the absolute time.
And it's gonna require
a bunch of pre-process,
it's gonna require some work to
do all this to all your images.
It's not a matter of running a magic
script and it's all just done.
But in certain circumstances where you
have big images that really add value to
your content, and the user is waiting for
it, this gaming this technique by using
that psychology can add a lot of value to
the perceived performance of your page.